- [Kevin] Before we conclude the course,
I want to highlight some other topics you might explore
and provide you with information about my other courses.
Now that you've seen the power of continuous delivery,
I would recommend checking out some
of the quality assurance tools
that can be included in the pipeline.
We focus mainly on the mechanics
of how the pipeline can deliver changes,
but there's a huge ecosystem
of tools that it can use to test and verify our software.
You might also want to check out progressive delivery.
It introduces some advanced techniques
for how we continuously deploy our applications.
If you like my teaching style,
I have a few other courses
on the LinkedIn Learning platform that might interest you.
I can teach you about other topics like microservices,
APIs, Java Collections, Spring, or Git.
If you found the GitOps approach we used
in the course interesting,
I also have an entire course on that as well.
If you want to,
tag me when you post your course certificate.
I always like to interact
with learners taking my courses
and enjoy hearing your feedback.
Nothing makes my day brighter than when I hear
from someone who enjoyed a course.
So that's it for now.
Congratulations on finishing the course,
and thank you for taking it.
Now go apply what you learned
and automate your delivery process.